[Music]
what your butt shape says about your
personality when you know what to look
for a person's facial and physical
features can tell you a lot about their
personality this includes the shape of
their butt too and while every person's
backside like their character is totally
unique there generally are four common
shapes that are associated with certain
personality traits so let's see what
your bum says about you don't forget to
hit that subscribe button and ring the
notification belt to join us on the
bright side one the square-shaped but
this butt is characterized by a
silhouette that doesn't change from the
waist to the hips giving it a square
shape it's commonly found on people with
a more athletic build in women a square
butt is often linked with wearing casual
clothes and being constantly on the move
these ladies are extremely determined
and success oriented they try to lead a
healthy lifestyle and avoid junk food at
the same time they're creatures of habit
and typically feel reluctant to change
their set ways also if you're a girl
with a square-shaped booty you probably
have a lot of lists since you like your
life to be organized you're calm and
reserved and don't feel the need to be
the center of attention and then a
squares hush really speaks of a guy who
hits the gym regularly this man takes
care of himself and gets up super early
in order to have time for a workout
don't be surprised if you see this guy
out jogging with his dog that's because
a canine companion perfectly suits his
caring and sensitive personality another
benefit of that fit body and sweet
personality is that you never feel a
lack of attention from the ladies to the
bubble butt aka the round but the bubble
butt is super round and cirno looks like
a globe it's more typical on people with
a slim body in women the bubble butt
signifies enviable willpower and self
motivation I mean not just anybody can
be glorious it enough to spend long
hours at the gym every day
girls with bubble booties prefer clothes
that accentuate their beautiful behind
for example
tight jeans for shorts they also usually
have a positive attitude and live life
to the fullest social media plays an
important role in their life they love
parties and tend to follow the latest
fashion trends in men the round bottom
indicates a real guys guy they spend a
lot of their time at the gym where they
prefer the weight room over any sort of
cardio activities
bubble butted dudes are sociable
friendly and charming they can always
find enjoyment even in everyday life
they make great friends and are a blast
to be around at the same time if you're
in the bubble butt Club take a moment to
consider whether or not you spend too
much time working on your body your
loved ones might not see you often
enough and really miss you 3 the
heart-shaped but this bum is smaller at
the top towards the waist and larger at
the bottom near the thighs as a result
it looks like an upside-down heart in
women this butt shape is associated with
someone who needs attention and social
interaction which speaks to their
extroverted nature you'll often find the
heart-shaped butt on a people person who
can strike up a conversation with just
about anyone if you're in this camp
you're probably quite flirty and
charming just be mindful that your
incredible confidence can sometimes come
off as bossy and arrogant this may be
the reason why you don't have many
friends in men the heart-shaped button
means big ambitions you're rarely
satisfied with your achievements your
life is a road from one goal to the next
which can sometimes make you pretty
tense but despite looking a bit on edge
from time to time you have a great sense
of humor and a pleasant extroverted
personality both men and women with
heart-shaped booties are believed to be
smart and intellectual besides they
don't hesitate to express their thoughts
and feelings openly or the v-shaped but
the v-shaped bottom is wider at the top
and then gets narrower toward the bottom
making it look like the letter V
in women the shape is associated with a
strong personality
these ladies come across as determined
or even a bit stubborn they also have a
tendency to be sarcastic but what others
don't know is that under this part
outward she'll who's a sensitive and
caring personality capable of compassion
towards others in men the v-shaped butt
indicates a decision-maker this guy
knows how to solve a problem because
he's always got a plan and several
backups just in case if you're this man
you're an instinctive peacemaker at
first people may perceive you as too
intense and a bit arrogant but as soon
as one gets to know you better
they start to appreciate your emotional
intelligence and your fascinating
personality what your fight says about
your health the shape of your derriere
doesn't just say a lot about your
personality it can also give you insight
into your health it's all got to do with
where fat is stored you see carrying
your fat in your butt and hips is a lot
better than storing it around your waist
which is harmful for your internal
organs so in this case your booty fat
protects you from diabetes high
cholesterol and heart disease doctors
agree that if you've got some excess
weight it's better if it's in the lower
part of your body now what does your
butt shape in particular say about your
health if you have this square shape but
that most likely accumulates in your
stomach and love handles luckily you
won't have serious problems if you
decide to get rid of it or at least keep
it under control if your bottom is round
shaped your health is in really good
condition the small amount of fat that
you do store in your behind is
accumulated in the upper part of your
buttocks if you have the heart shaped
but you'll be all right as long as the
fat stays where it is unfortunately for
people with this shape that likes to
move northward toward the stomach as you
age on the right side
people with heart shaped butts need less
time than others to lose excess fat so
if you see you're starting to gather
around your stomach it shouldn't be too
hard for you to burn it off the v-shaped
butt is more typical in elderly people
as the years pass in your hormones and
activity level changes the
that used to be in the blood starts to
move all over the body that's why
doctors recommend staying active in your
later years to protect your heart from
this wandering fact have you found out
anything new about your personality
based on your butt shape let us know
down in the comments be sure to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life